ENH add get_parameter_choices hook and param=all expansion (#941)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/whats_new.rst

.. _dev:

Version 1.10.0 -- in development
--------------------------------

CLI
~~~

- Add ``param=all`` shorthand to sweep every valid value of a parameter,
  e.g. ``-d "Foo[x=all]"``. The valid values are declared per class through

>   the new opt-in ``get_parameter_choices`` classmethod, and are also listed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  e.g. ``-d "Foo[x=all]"``. The valid values are declared per class through
  the ``get_all_parameter_values`` classmethod, and are also listed
```

  by ``benchopt info -v``. By `Eduardo Montesuma`_

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. _1_9_1:
```
